here are 30 different ways to get new
clients and customers for your business
this going to be for B2B businesses like
agencies maybe coaching programs if you
don't know who I am my name is Daniel
faio we did
$829,000 in cash collected last month
I'm the co-founder of a software company
called riskit and a Consulting and
coaching company called client Ascension
and Olympia and I have done every single
one of these methods I'm going to speak
to you about today to acquire new
business so if you would like to get a
substantial amount of more customers you
should pay attention it's going to be a
long video but they all work so let's
get into it number one is Mass automated
Outreach and the reason I'm saying this
one's first is because that's literally
what my businesses are primarily
entailed around so like list kit for
instance the software company I'm a
co-founder of that helps you get leads
and we also have offer that lets you get
a bunch of domains and a call email
infrastructure and send thousands or
tens of thousands of emails every single
month so what you would do for that if
you wanted to facilitate this yourself
is you would need a bunch of domains
ideally from a company called pork bun
then you would get Microsoft Outlook
like The Bu Microsoft business Suite on
each one of those domains set up in box
under each one of those and then you
would connect those inboxes to a sending
tool called smart lead and then you can
get the leads like actually like Mass
extract the leads from our company list
kit and that's how you facilitate a mass
Outreach system you want to make sure
that each inbox you want to Max it out
around probably 20 emails per day so if
you want to send thousands or tens of
thousands of emails you could see
exactly the profound amount of inboxes
you really need and we can set that all
up for you if you want it link is in the
description but the problem people will
have if they're doing this is that
they'll try to do Mass automated
Outreach to an offer that doesn't have
product Market fit the best way to find
product Market fit and to discover
whether your offer actually has demand
before you drop a bunch of money on mass
automated Outreach is via a method I
like to call Dream 100 and that is
number two on this list it's dream 100
Outreach so what this is is when you
individually identify 100 perfect
prospects that you would like to work
with on your offer and what you're going
to be doing is manually messaging these
prospects and trying to build
relationship with them what you're going
to really primarily do to make this work
as maximally efficient as possible is a
service-based lead magnet which is
number three on this list and what is a
service-based lead magnet and how is
that different from a normal lead magnet
if you know what a normal lead magnet is
I will refresh your memory it's when you
give somebody like a free valuable asset
people primarily put those in their
organic traffic like hey go download
this thing over here or the'll running
on ads or get this free guide in how to
do this that's a lead magnet now the
difference between a lead magnet and a
service-based lead magnet is the service
based lead magnet is when you actually
do labor for somebody like you create an
asset for them so let me give you an
example let's say you're an e-commerce
email marketing business and you like
design emails for Ecom Brands let's say
you use a clavio or something like that
what you would do inside of your dream
100 list is just create and design a
whole email for somebody and just give
it to them and you can do this
completely unprofitable that you don't
have to ask permission first when you
ask permission it's actually kind of
annoying if you're doing Dre 100 you
shouldn't ask permission you should just
do the thing and send them the thing and
like wow this is really cool why is this
important it's because when you are just
starting out and you don't have a
profound amount of case studies you
aren't actually valuable you have no
Authority you have no past results the
only thing valuable about you is your
ability to execute labor so that's what
you're doing that's how you transfer
value in the beginning when you don't
have a substantial amount of K size is
your actual labor that's literally what
this is the service based League mat
it's taking your labor and just giving
it to them as a transfer of logistical
intensity you see what I mean and this
works really really well this is
single-handedly the best way to sign
your first one two three clients is a
service-based lead magnet using dream
100 manual Outreach that is what you
should do but let's head over on to
point number four which is for the big
dogs the big boys this is how I make a
substantial amount of our money I'm the
one running this right now it's a vssl
ad funnel now I'm ripping about $6,000
per day in ad spent to a vssl ad funnel
and let me walk you through exactly how
I've designed this I got a bunch of ads
I probably got like 60 active ads
running right now and I make a whole
bunch of new ones all the time I send
those people to an opt-in page once the
people opt in it shows them a vssl once
they watch that vssl they submit an
application the application leads them
to a account for them to book a call
then they book a call with their sales
team the sales team closes them I reveal
the price in the vssl and the
application so I can filter out the poor
people we don't want poor people talking
to the salespeople it's complete waste
of time you want to make sure you're not
doing that if you're running a vsl ad
funnel or ads of any kind you want to
filter out the poor people when you're
going to cold traffic you got to run
some heavy defense because you'll get
some profound [__] retards and coming
through your funnel if you don't do that
so you got to make sure that that's good
St I made a case study on this I'll put
the link in the description about
spending
$432,000 on ads to make $ 2.36 million
that's that join olympia. it's right in
the description if you just click that
you can go watch that if you want but
let's head on over to number five going
on podcast other people's podcast I'm
not telling you to make a podcast I'm
sure that will work too but I haven't
done that so I'm not putting on this
list but if you go to like apple podcast
or Spotify or YouTube whatever you
search Daniel Fazio or cold emo wizard
you'll see me on a [__] ton of podcasts
and I've done a whole lot of these it
was about two years ago where everyone
was making a podcast and people were
like really pushing their podcast and I
probably went on like 30 of these
[__] and throughout that time people
they got their own podcast they promote
the new episodes to Their audience and
whatnot I was getting a [__] ton of
traffic just going on other people's
podcast a lot of deals coming through
and whenever I get invited onto
somebody's podcast I go I also like
going to other people's live classes if
they got a community of people like
their own coaching program or something
they want me to come in as a guest call
I do that all the time I love doing
those it's really good so if you ever
get invited on to somebody's podcast
make sure you go but in particular make
sure you actually give valuable
information on the podcast so you can't
just sit there and like just talk [__]
and not actually give anything useful
because it is when you say something
useful that actually facilitates
purchasing decisions from the audience
you see what I mean so you want to make
sure to be as maximally as useful and
come prepared with integral information
that they could use to directly make
more money so if you have that available
to yourself and you are somebody who's
capable and does possess integral
information that does in fact lead
people to making more money you should
definitely go on podcast and you should
share such information number six is to
post SEO optimized YouTube videos so the
way I found the idea of this YouTube was
actually from the YouTube dashboard
itself it was something it was like a
tab called research or something like
that it was like videos that might do
well or some [__] like that and some
other guy had some video called 30
different ways to get clients and I
watched a little bit of it it was
[__] I was like I can make one that
is substantially better than this I
probably have more Authority than this
guy therefore if my video ends up
ranking the content of my video will be
so substantially better that I should
overtake the ranking of that guy and
I've done this for many different videos
as well like I've got one called my
Twitter master class I did that like 2
years ago and that [__] still gets like
50 to 100 views a day still and then I
got another one it's called my $5
million vssl script that was one year
ago and that's still getting like a
hundred views a day right now I made
that a year ago and people are coming
through like opting in on the funnel and
[__] and I'm getting their emails it's
still working for me I did it a year ago
so the way you want to facilitate this
is you can use this tool that I use a
lot it's called vid IQ and you can look
up Search terms and see kind of like
what's trending and whatnot and you can
see like what's the search volume of
specific Search terms and then you can
search that term on YouTube see what
kind of videos you got there go through
and are these videos good or not and you
just make a better one when I say better
when I'm talking about the context of
B2B offers and making money and trying
to like sell [__] on YouTube and not
just be entertaining what I mean when I
say like valuable value means useful if
you give people actionable useful
insights that is what elicits purchasing
decisions and also parasocial
relationships and this is a con I kind
of touch on throughout the rest of this
video is that you want to increase the
frequency with which you appear in front
of an audience and I'll put it to you
like this a parasocial relationship is
when somebody has a relationship with
you but you don't even know they exist
yet so there might be a lot of you
watching this video who regularly watch
me and have a parasocial relationship
with me you might like me you probably
watch a bunch of my stuff and maybe
follow me for a while so you already
know like and trust me and it is you
guys who already actively know like and
trust me who are the most probable to
purchase something from me because you
know I can trust me so what you're
trying to do if you're trying to
increase the amount of people the volume
of purchasers the first step in that
process is increasing how the amount of
people who know like and trust you and
the only way to do that is to increase
frequency and the only way to increase
frequency is to post a substantial
amount of content and allow people to
actually have content to consume of you
in the first place so if you want
somebody to watch 10 hours of you if you
want the maximum amount of of people to
watch 10 hours of you the first
requirement in that situation is to have
10 hours of content for them to consume
in the first place and the best medium
to facilitate that is YouTube so you
should definitely start a YouTube
channel and you should specifically
start by identifying videos that you can
rank for Via SEO Search terms and keep
in mind you don't need thousands of
views to sign clients you really
actually don't at all you just need
really good in-depth videos for very
specific Search terms you see what I
mean so start doing that now the next
one is to start anema Emil list now I
want you to imagine this just like I was
saying before like I had my video that
was the $5 million vsl script that's
still getting people opted into the
funnel I made that a year ago and
they're going to my email list and I
send anywhere from three to five emails
per week to this list now what does this
help me do and it goes back to this
concept of frequency I'm helping
increase frequency I'm just getting more
more exposure to the audience so I can
maximally increase how many people know
like and trust me and the depth to which
they like and trust me and the best way
to facilitate that is to give them
useful information this also helps very
substantially because if you're going to
make a YouTube video you could just
explain the concepts you talked about in
a YouTube video and send it to the email
list and also link to the YouTube video
and you can do it in reverse if you have
a really good email that performed
really well you can turn it into a
YouTube video you really should have an
email list and start collecting emails
and just have a bank of people that you
have free access to and that's the
concept here because there's only three
ways to get in front of people it's
content ads or if it's like a owned
audience like an email list you see see
to me it doesn't cost you any money to
send an email to your list if I post a
YouTube video I can only get exposure to
you if the algorithm serves you the
video I just posted if I run ads I can
only get served to you if I pay money
but if you're on my email list I can
email you like [__] three times a day
you see what I mean like it just works
and now this kind of plays into the next
point which is number eight which is
post on LinkedIn now I'll be honest here
I don't think I signed a ton of business
from linkon I'm not actually sure but my
entire strategy of it revolves around
just taking I wrote to the email list
and turning it into a LinkedIn post now
I get a ton of Engagement and I get a
ton of inbound message and I get a ton
of inbound connection requests but I
don't really accept them because it's
super annoying that I just constantly
get pitched I probably should accept
them and just annoy the pitch email so
people can actually message me it's
actually super annoying on LinkedIn
people can't just message you if you're
not connected or if you have like a
Creator account they just follow you
they can't message you I wish you could
change that but I consistently get about
30 to 50 new LinkedIn followers per day
I'm pretty sure 20,000 Impressions per
week or something like that and that's
pretty good just to really not be doing
much like just taking what I already
wrote to my email list and posting it
directly in LinkedIn it's just more
exposure and playing more into that
concept again of frequency like I just
want to be in front of the audience so
much so say someone follows me on
YouTube Twitter LinkedIn and is on my
email list then they might be getting
hit by me like 20 to 30 times per week
and if they consider consistently do
that for a long period of time the
probability that they end up purchasing
something for me really goes up a lot
and that's again what you're really
trying to do and that's the whole
premise of this everything I'm playing
into about the content area it's just
about increased frequency as much and as
high as possible as often as possible so
let's go on to number nine which is
message people who engage with you now
this is an interesting concept about
social media particularly if you're
selling like more of a high ticket
service is that most of the selling
occurs via direct conversation so DM or
like actually going back and forth with
people on email just any medium of
facilitating a direct conversation with
somebody so if you see somebody who's
regularly liking your stuff regularly
commenting on your stuff you should just
send them a message and thank them now I
don't do this very much because I just
have like hundreds of thousands of
followers across Twitter and Linkedin
and whatnot so it's just so many people
but when you're just starting out each
incremental person you add to your bank
of like your squad like people you just
know every single one of these is really
power powerful so when you're a beginner
it's really not that much to manage you
might have like 20 30 people doing this
new people doing this a week like you
should message them it it really works a
lot because again most of the purchasing
decisions will occur over a direct
conversation so you want to make sure
you do that so number 10 is to join paid
groups or programs and give value in the
group now you need understand that if
you're in a paid group and you're giving
value in the group the people in that
group are people who buy [__] there's
really two kinds of people on the
internet and kind of like in your Niche
and in your area there's the people who
don't buy anything and the people who do
buy stuff and the people who do buy
stuff buy all of the stuff and the
people who don't buy stuff don't buy
anything ever there's a really huge
distinction between these two kinds of
people and it kind of goes back to what
I was saying about ads earlier and how
you have to run active defense against
cold traffic CU there's a whole bunch of
like tire kicker [__] idiots like
they are just swirling Around The Ether
and you really got to like filter them
out of your funnel cuz they just like
take up time to do a bunch of [__]
but when you're in a paid group or like
some kind of paid program is a really
good indicator that these are high
quality people because again they bought
something they paid the money to be in
there and again as we go back to another
concept I talked about earlier in this
video is that purchasing decisions are
elicited after giving useful information
because useful information is what gets
people to know like can trust you so if
you're in a paid group with exposure to
people who buy [__] and then you give
them useful information the people who
buy [__] the purchasers start to know
like and trust you which again increases
the surface area of frequency of people
who buy [__] this is actually a really
powerful concept and you should in fact
do this I'll not do this cognizantly
sometimes like I'll just be in like a
paid group and someone's asking a
question I know the answer to the
question I have experience that what
otherwise help them directly I give them
the answer and then people will start
messaging me unprompted like hey bro can
I buy a Consulting call from you to get
help and like it just happens I'm not
trying to do this it just does occur you
see what I mean so number 11 is to post
cas studies so anytime you get any form
of result in any capacity whatsoever you
should post it on the internet whether
that's your Instagram Twitter LinkedIn
YouTube whatever if you're doing ads for
a client and they get a bunch of leads
or they get a bunch of calls or they
sign a deal and they're getting good row
I screenshot that [__] and put it on the
internet right show your audience that
you are the kind of person who gets
results ideally what you want to do is
get people on a recorded case study
interview because you got to imagine
when you're selling to cold traffic
what's happening is that the people who
were coming into your funnel there
really concerned with are you somebody
who actually get results are you a
knowledgeable person who is capable of
generating actual real Roi business
results like revenue and then second is
are you a random internet scammer and
like what is your level of authority
like who are you and the best way to
facilitate that is to show an interview
with a real client who reveals who they
are what their business is what you did
for them and the results that you
generated for them now we have a whole
system around this inside of our
businesses so we got a team of customers
success managers or Student Success
managers and they get kpi based on how
many case study interviews that they get
scheduled in so that we can post online
like on the YouTube channel like if you
go on the list kit YouTube channel
there's a bunch of case study interviews
there if you go on Andre's Channel
there's a bunch of client ension case
study videos in there I have a bunch of
client essential ones I haven't done in
a while but I probably should and I'll
start making ones for Olympia soon and
there's just a whole process like a
whole system around getting people
scheduled for a YouTube case study
interview that we can post online so
that we can use this recording of the
case study as a sales asset to the cold
traffic people that are coming in like
the new leads the people who are booking
calls they got in a call they want to
see results like B here's here's 55
different case study videos of people
who look exactly like you who run the
same exact business as you super
powerful you need to constantly be
creating these over and over again you
cannot just have a couple of these if
you have two case study videos all of
your cold traffic thinks you've only
worked with two clients but if you have
50 case study videos they think you've
worked with 50 mind you see what I mean
is directly proportional to the quantity
of case studies you have all right cool
number 12 is to comment on other
people's stuff so if you're following
someone on LinkedIn Twitter whatever or
maybe even YouTube and you like their
stuff comment on their stuff and tell
them that you like their stuff so the
best indicator of whether you can get
somebody to like you is if you tell them
that you like them it's just reciprocal
it makes them feel good about themselves
and when you give somebody a comment
that makes them feel good about
themselves they associate that good
feeling with you in your face you see
what I mean so you want to make sure
you're constantly doing this why is this
important it's because if you're online
in social media and say you're in some
Niche you have to imagine that you
probably notice it there's like the big
guys in your Niche it's like the cool
kids table at lunch like in high school
or some [__] like that you want to
be at the cool kids table the pop kids
table because the popular kids that
literally means people know them and
they have traffic and they make sales so
if you get into the cool kids table and
then these cool kids start engaging with
you online their traffic starts to
divert to you and then now you get
traffic and people start buying [__]
from you therefore you make more money
you see what I mean that's what you're
trying to do you're trying to get a seat
at the cool kids table or at least begin
the process of making your own cool kids
table and the best way to do this is to
actually [__] speak to people and
tell them that you like them and make
them feel good about themselves so
constantly be doing this like get on
social media for an hour a day whatever
comment on people [__] but don't do the
like the AI comment [__] where it's
like oh wow that was a really good point
Jeremy it was really [__] that [__] like
actually write the comment like a normal
human being be real about it don't do
the AI [__] it's [__] doesn't work
it actively hurts you all right cool
number 13 create lead magnet so
sometimes in YouTube video I'll have
like some asset and I'll tell people hey
you can download this asset if you go to
this link put your email and I'll send
it to you why am I doing that it's again
going back to the one of the previous
points about building an email list so I
give someone a lead magnet it's a reason
for them to give me their email so then
I deliver them the asset via email but
then they're also on my email list and
when they're on my email list I can
constantly send them more useful
information which makes it more probable
that they continue to know like and
trust me even more it just increases the
surface area of people I have access to
for free that is the entire function of
a lead magnet is to actually just grow
your email list and if you're going to
make a YouTube video anyway and you're
going to use like some dock that you're
screen sharing like just tell them that
hey you can get this doc if you just put
your email address in here and now
they're on your email list you see what
I mean all right cool number 14 is
create Roi calculator so if you're
selling a B2B offer like you're an
agency or you're selling some kind of
program to another business business or
whatever ever buys anything at all ever
is so that they can make more money
right now the problem with a lot of
people is they're not making it very
clear or easy to understand exactly how
much money can be made by working with
you so what's the best way to do this is
probably to make a Google sheet that
simulates out the cash flow based off
the inputs that you can facilitate for
the client so I'll give you one example
of Lis kuit like Lis Kit's cold email
setup offer I have a whole giant ass
Google sheet that talks about how if
you're sending this many emails and the
response ready is this and a call
booking rate is this and you're charging
this much and your profit margin is this
and you send this many emails per month
this is what the cash flow and based off
a 4-we sales cycle this is how the cash
flow would break down week by week for 6
months and they can just see right there
like and this is how much you're paying
us versus how much you're making so
therefore this is the ROI so it makes it
very easy to understand for these people
and you should have one of these for
your business because it makes it easy
to understand and the reason that people
the reason that a business won't buy
from you is solely and exclusively only
because they are not certain that
working with you will make them an Roi
and there is absolutely zero other
reason whatsoever at all ever it's
because they're not certain they can
make money if they are certain that they
can make money by working with you they
will buy and the first step to making
them certain is by tangibly showing an
actual simulation of what will happen
via a Google sheet with real data it's
super useful make one of these and use
it on your sales calls like actually
screen share the thing on sales calls it
[__] works all right number 15 is to
call your optin so earlier I was talking
you about how I spend $6,000 a day on a
BSL ad funnel and I do an OP it so I get
name email phone number what am I doing
with those emails and the answer is that
we have Setters who call and text the
people who are opting into the ads now
based on historical data I have found
that if you have a good Setter about 40%
of our calls come from the setter
calling and texting the people are
manually booking them in and having a
direct conversation with these people
now that's pretty substantial because
imagine that you're getting like a $500
cost per call with without Setters and
then you immediately start booking 40%
more calls what would that mean it means
that your $500 cost per call effectively
goes down to $300 per call that is a
substantial amount of savings
particularly when you're spending a
substantial amount of money this is
super important to do if you get phone
numbers use the phone numbers you see
what it mean it's almost half the call
volume that is occurring from doing this
call your optin as fast as possible
ideally from an iPhone if you're going
to text them make it a blue message so
it's cool if you want to use go high
levels twio SMS type thing or like
aloware SMS thing it's cool if you want
to do that for some automation but the
green message makes you look [__]
poor you see what I mean if you just do
it from an iPhone your response rate I'd
[__] you not is going to go up to like
[__] 90% it's really substantial so
if you don't have like some kind of
automated thing yet just literally just
text and call them from your iPhone all
right number 16 is to send Loom videos
to Old leads let's say over the past
couple months you've booked 100 sales
calls you closed 20 of those people
right there's 80 people who were
potentially interested in giving you
money that you haven't spoken to in a
while and [__] happens like maybe it was
a timing thing before maybe they had
something going on but now they don't
have something going on what you should
do is go through your list and say you
you've worked with a bunch of clients at
this point you got some new results just
send them a loom video like hey wanted
to send I know we talked a while ago and
I know you said this and I've worked for
like a lot more clients since then I got
this result for this client let me walk
you through what I did Bam Bam Bam I
could do the same thing for your
business I know you have this so I'd
make it this way if we did it this way
it would probably work out like this
start screen sharing the [__] Roi
calculator we talked about before and
just contact these people if you were
running ads you're already paid money to
get them in your funnel or if they came
from organic content it's just more
frequency like send custommade Loom
videos to your old leads and this is the
concept you understand you have a pool
of leads like a a pool of people who are
potentially interested with you imagine
it's like a rag with water in it and
every time like water drips out of the
rag that's dollars coming into your bank
account squeeze the rag harder like
squeeze don't just leave it there to
drip on its own like go up to it and
[__] squeeze it and get the money out
of the rag like that's what you need to
be doing that's what this is is
squeezing the rag all right number 17 is
to use a moneyback guarantee so this is
particularly important if you don't have
a lot of case studies and this is what
you got to understand
99% of the population are more afraid of
losing money than they are in love with
making money you see what I mean people
are more afraid loss hurts more than
gain feels good therefore when you're
trying to sell a client and you use a
guarantee it reduces the risk that they
lose money to zero this is especially
important if you don't have a lot of
case studies because what actually is
the purpose of case studies it's to
facilitate certainty and to make the
prospect understand that the probability
of me losing money is low and the
probability of me making money is high
if you don't have case studies that is
reversed they perceptually perceive this
has the probability I lose money is high
and the probability I make money is low
so when you use a guarantee it
artificially switches it back to make
them understand that the probability
they lose money is zero therefore if
you're a beginner with no case studies
this is pretty much a requirement you'll
really just never make any money [__]
at all if you don't have case studies or
a guarantee like one of these has to be
present case studies or guarantee you
need at least one all right number 18 is
to retarget your website visitors go get
a metap pixel and a Google pixel which
is also YouTube and start retargeting
the people who visited your site so
someone comes to your site maybe it was
from organic content and then now that
you just pixel them you start showing up
on their Instagram other their Instagram
stories a quick selfie video maybe it's
for a lead maget or something maybe it
just directs them back to your sales
page or a video of you your vssl with
the same thing on YouTube you can do the
same exact thing I actually maybe you've
seen it on this video if you watch my
videos I'll start retargeting you I'll
put ad videos on my own organic video so
you might have seen that a couple times
and this again just play plays into that
concept of frequency you only have so
much of an audience that's actively
engaging with you like in your funnel
per se you want to take those people and
increase the frequency as high as
possible you really want this frequency
like if you can get that frequency to 30
per week that's really what you're
aiming for here so just retarget the
people who visit your website super
simple to do this you just use a pixel
and then you make an audience of people
who hit that pixel within a specific
time frame and then that you make that
the targeting of the adset level that's
it okay number 19 is to create a white
label program and we do this at liskin
now what this means is this is different
from an affiliate program this is when
you go to a client and you tell them
they can sell your services to their
clients under their own name so it'll
look like they're doing it but it's just
you doing it on the back end on behalf
of your client who's doing it for
somebody else and then you just let them
charge a spread like they upcharge it to
the client you just charge them less and
this makes sense because there's no cost
to acquire the customer the acquisition
cost to get this person was Zero
increases the LTV of the client you
already signed you see what I mean so we
do this at Lis we've probably got like
20 people doing this right now so it
works very well number 20 is to create
preall sales asset it would be like a
document explaining your offer or it's a
document that shows a bunch of case
studies or it's the ROI calculator so
for instance in in Olympia if someone
books a call for Olympia I have this
cost to acquire a customer to Lifetime
gross profit like Tac LTV Google sheet
and I send them the Google sheet as a
pre-call sales asset with a video that
explains how to use it and they can
duplicate the sheet and play with the
numbers themselves before the call it's
just material for them to play with so
when somebody books a call don't just
send reminder text like oh your call is
coming up like that doesn't [__] do
anything like send them [__] to play
with they start looking at it and
thinking about it's giving them more
information it's handling objections
it's gassing you up it's counter selling
competitors but just send them assets
pre- call so you the trigger for this is
once the call actually get scheduled
right and then you trigger sending the
assets after that number 21 is to create
paid trial offers so this is actually
really interesting one time I was on a
sales call with someone selling some
Consulting offer and I was telling him
$5,000 per month and he was like oh I
got to think about it Y and I was like
all right let me tell you what how about
we do $5,000 for one month and there is
no Auto renew he was like [__] it let's
do it so this is how most people
actually operate people hate recurring
subscriptions like literally everything
is a recurring subscription I saw like
BMW was trying to make seat heers a
recurring subscription just stupid
[__] everywhere everyone's trying to
sub description eyes [__] everything
that it makes absolutely no sense right
people are really annoyed by the concept
of having to pay recurring for [__] if
you're trying to get a client on if
you're trying to just get a buyer in
your business just remove the recurring
and make a paid trial offer the paid
trial offer could be 30 60 90 days but
it's a one-time payment and then it's
not recurring and all you do at the end
of it is just ask them if they want to
do it again you see what I mean then you
can start the recurring but it gives you
the opportunity to actually do something
for them and it helps build trust and
show them them what you're actually
capable of doing this works really
really well so do not sleep on this one
I bet if you went and reengage like with
those custom w videos we talked about
earlier I bet if you re-engaged all the
people who didn't close in a call and
offer them a paid trial offer you'd get
a [__] ton of them to actually buy this
all right cool number 22 is to do live
webinars so imagine that you're building
your content and you're doing lead
magnets and and you're building up your
email list and you've been doing this
for a while and you're running ads to
your vssl funnel and you collected a
bunch of emails and let's say you've got
like a TH or 2,000 emails at this point
and you can even do it with a couple
hundred what you should do is
occasionally maybe once every month or
once every six weeks just host a live
class and the live class is just
training people on how to do what you do
again you give value and you be useful
on the class like you give actually
actionable [__] on the class and you're
being useful and then at the end you
just make a quick offer and it can be a
paid trial offer it's like hey I can
just do this all for you if anyone's
interested just drop the price right
there just be like cuz you already gave
a bunch of value so you have permission
to have an ask because everyone likes
you now because like wow this is like
really [__] good like this guy gave
me a lot of useful stuff and you're like
hey by the way uh and you don't have to
like hard pitch this or anything just be
super casual about it like hey guys so
we talked about this this is if anyone
here if you want me to just do this for
you I can just do it for four grand we
were just put in like a 60-day kind of
like paid trial offer it's a one time
payment four grand it works super well
we do this all the time we co number 23
is to post interview style short form
content I've been doing this on LinkedIn
lately and I've also been crossposting
them on Twitter where I get on a zoom
call with someone and then I have my
camera set up right over here and then
he asks me questions and I answer the
questions looking at him on the zoom
while the camera is filming me over
there and then he takes all that footage
and chops it up into as if it was like a
podcast and then I can take that content
and I post that content online super
easy repeatable way to get content
posted so you should try it it's really
good number 24 is to send them make you
notes so I was reading this book it's
called influence by Robert cini and he
was talking about it was the best and
most successful in he made the most
money car salesman of all time so this
guy sold like thousands of cars over
like a 35e career in car sales or
something like that and in interviews
they're asking like how did you do this
like what exactly are you doing and what
he was doing is he was sending thank you
notes and just letters like little
postcards to every single customer he's
ever worked with ever every month he did
it every single month and he would theme
it to like the holiday of the month and
the postcard it would always just say
like I like you or thank you or
something like that and that's all he
did so at a certain point you can
imagine that what he's doing here is
he's increasing frequency to his
customers and so like we've talked about
this whole entire videos about
increasing frequency so over the course
of 35 years this guy has thousands of
customers and they see him still once
per month and when each one of these
customers know someone who wants a car
or they need another car or their kids
need another car whatever they think of
this guy who's been sending them a thank
you postcard in the mail once a month
for like [__] eight years you see
what I mean because the frequency is so
high so he's the top of my person that
occurs for every single one of these
people because his frequency is so
[__] high you see what I mean so if
you just do the same thing it'll work
substantially well number 25 is to use
other people's audiences for webinars I
kind of touched on this earlier but if
you get and say someone runs a coaching
program and you have something to talk
about you should just hit them up and be
like hey dude do you want me to come
into your program and I can teach people
on this concept and you can just do
direct Outreach to this and this works
really well if you know the people which
kind of plays into another concept we
talked about in this video is to
actually message people and build a cool
kids table you see what I mean but if
you use other people's audiences or
webinars and give value to them it again
builds more audience for you and if you
were useful to them it makes them know
like and trust you which inre is the
surface area of people you can evoke
frequency on you see everything I'm
talking about here it all intertwines
together cool number 26 is to create
Partnerships this is where you connect
with somebody who sells a service
complimentary to yours and you kind of
put your stuff together and allow that
it kind of plays into like a white label
thing where you refer business back and
forth now I understand that this doesn't
really work with cold traffic it really
only works with warm traffic and it like
this is the reason why you need to be
building your Cool Kids Table Right is
cuz you get a bunch of people in they
run different kinds of businesses you
start referring business business over
to them for people who don't fit you and
then you ask them to do the same thing
and you want to do this after you refer
stuff to them like so start sending them
stuff and then ask them the same thing
like hey bro like I've been sending you
over these referrals if you get anyone
who fits my criteria could you send them
over to me they like hell yeah because
you already sent them a bunch of
referrals you see what I mean all right
number 27 I kind of talked about this
earlier but use an iPhone for texting
leads it's okay if you want to use SMS
for automations or whatever but if you
use an iPhone your response rate is so
much higher we started doing this and
like if you just use an iPhone you will
book literally three to four times more
meetings now like when exactly do you do
this like one is if you're using an
opt-in say you're running ads to an
opt-in funnel or like vssl funnel and
you're getting the phone numbers text
them from an iPhone or if you get
somebody to book a call text them a
confirmation or like you just film a
selfie video on your phone real quick
and go through their stuff like hey
excited to talk to you where the [__]
send up a selfie video from the iPhone
the response rate is so much higher
because people don't think it's
automated all right number 28 is to ask
for responses on your email list when
you send an email to people so I did
this thing one time where I came up with
some special offer and I didn't put a
link to the offer though I told them if
you want a breakdown of the offer I'll
send you a Google doc if you respond to
this message just say send it over got
like [__] 45 responses where it's
like send it over send it over send it
and I just manually responded to all of
them with the Google Doc and then now
what did that let me do once I sent them
the Google Doc and if I didn't get a
response for them I could email them
again hey bro did you check check it out
you see what I mean now they're on like
a list and I can I can [__] see them
and who they are and if you use a CRM
like I use HubSpot you can see their
phone number as well so like then you
can [__] text them if they responded
to the email you see what I mean it
works way better than just sending a
link now I send links all the time I do
but if you come up like say for instance
you're going to do you're going to try
like a pay trial offer as we talked
about earlier just write like the
description of what it is on a Google
doc send it to your email list like hey
respond back if you want the Google Doc
explain to the offer and then you get a
whole [__] ton of people who respond you
see what I mean all right cool number 29
is if you have a full calendar of a
bunch of calls books screenshot it and
just throw it on social media and be
like hey all calls are booked out right
now if you're interested in getting a
call booked I can put you on a wait list
let me know respond back and I'll put
you on the weit list and then once the
week elapses and all the calls have
occurred go hit up everyone in the weit
list like hey you can book a call now
cool the last one number 30 is to create
extremely expensive upsells so if say
your standard offer is like $5,000 make
an offer that is five times more
expensive and if you have a $25,000
offer make a $100,000 offer because you
have to understand that one out of say
50 people who buy the standard offer
will buy the extremely expensive offer
and that's a [__] ton of money like a
[__] [__] ton of additional money so
say for instance you got 50 people to
buy a $5,000 offer that's 250 Grand but
then one of those people buy a $50,000
offer that now that takes you from $
250,000 to to $300,000 see that's a 20%
increase in Revenue a 20% increase in
Revenue just for the existence of the
offer no additional marketing or
strategy required only sell it to the
people who have already bought something
else super easy you will make a [__]
[__] ton more money if you just do that
and sell one of them all right cool I
hope you enjoyed this video if you did
please leave a comment share it with
someone like whatever subscribe if you
got any value I got some stuff in the
description if you want to see the case
study about how we spent $432,000 on ads
to make $ 2.36 million that is join
olympia. comom Olympia is also a new
offer that we created that helps people
build ad funnels in a sales team and a
fulfillment team that help them Reach
six seven figures if you're smaller than
that if you're kind of just if you're
below $30,000 per month you should join
client essential that'll help you create
an offer cold Outreach system to get new
business Olympia is for people above
$30,000 a month I will leave the link to
both of those inside of the description
I love you peace everybody